# FoodInspection Web Service Project

This project is a series of milestones that will work towards building a web service that will take input JSON data as a POST request and store the data in a database. In addition, the web service will handle GET requests to return information that is generated by querying the database. 

The main files of interest are under serveri which is "db.py" and "server.py"

## Milestones
The milestones roughly cover:

 - MS1: Building the basic data loading functionality that takes a food inspection JSON POST to save (or find) a restaurant and save the inspection details, that is linked to the restaurant record. Some basic read/GET endpoints will be added that provide details on a restaurant and inspections.
 - MS2: Integrating a Twitter dataset and matching tweets to restaurant by lat/long or name. Supporting transactional loading
 - MS3: Adding indexes to improve matching and lookups. Cleaning the dataset to eliminate duplicate restaurant entries with typos or variations in the details.
 - MS4: Improving the cleaning to handle a larger dataset.

### Server
To run the server simply run `python3 server.py` in the server directory. There are a series of configuration parameters that can be passed to the server, to see them run `python3 server.py --help`. The server by default will run on localhost and port 30235. After running the server you should be able to visit http://localhost:30235/hello and see a message "Hello, World!" to verify that your web service is running.  Alternatively, you can test using command line tool curl, eg `curl http://localhost:30235/hello`, if curl is installed. 

### Client
While the server is running you run the client application in another terminal. To run the client that loads inspection data use something like `python3.py loader.py --file ../data/reallySmall.json`.  


